DO NOT MERGE - Palette Virtual Cluster Rename fix (#967)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04.5-devx/08-registries.md

# Palette Dev Engine Registries

> The pack registry is a server-side application to store and serve packs to its clients. Packs from a pack registry are retrieved and presented as options during the creation of a cluster profile. Palette supports the configuration of multiple registries.

Author: ```suggestion
The Pack registry is a server-side application that stores and serves packs to its clients. Packs from a pack registry are retrieved and presented as options during the creation of a cluster profile. Palette supports the configuration of multiple registries.
```
Minor cleanup

## Default Registry

> The default pack registry is Spectro Cloud's public pack registry. It consists of several packs that make it easy for a user to quickly create a cluster profile and launch a Kubernetes cluster with their choice of integrations. Palette maintains all packs in this pack registry and takes care of upgrading packs in the pack registry whenever required.

Author: ```suggestion
The default pack registry is Spectro Cloud's public pack registry. It consists of several packs that make it simple for a user to quickly create a cluster profile and launch a Kubernetes cluster with their choice of integrations. Spectro Cloud maintains all packs in the default pack registry, this includes taking care of upgrades in the pack registry whenever required.
```
Avoid using the word "easy", use "simple" instead. Easy refers to something that does not require a great effort or that does not present lot of difficulties. Simple refers to something that is direct, straightforward not complex.

## Custom Pack Registry

> Users can set up a custom pack registry using a Docker image provided by Spectro Cloud to upload and maintain custom packs. Spectro Cloud provides a CLI tool to interact with and manage pack content in the pack registry. Custom registries offer a mechanism of extending the capabilities of a platform by defining additional integrations.

Author: Let's link to the CLI tool here. Whenever referencing an internal resource or tool, share the link to it.

> Palette Dev Engine provides the following two custom registry support:

Author: ```suggestion
Palette Dev Engine supports the following types of custom registries:
```
We can avoid having to update in the future by not specifying the number. Simply list the registries below. I also cleaned up the sentence as it read a bit awkwardly.
